Your mother is still in the hospital
Still in my hands
Lu Shuyu, let go
I'll tell you what.
If you want to give my mom something
I guarantee the whole carpenter
And the entire North City media
Will know the truth of these things
I want them to know
How did I lose a child?
you
How did I get into Lu Qinghai's bed?
What are you talking about?
Messi
Your mother is fine.
Warm, you promised me.
This matter cannot be said.
Your mom's kidneys have also been replaced
The money is also from me and my mother
You must remember this kindness
Of course I remember.
I have been in the Meng family for 8 years
The kindness of Miss Meng and Mrs. Mu
Remember clearly
I know warm uh
Maybe you came here by accident.
Let's change our clothes now
I'll arrange a meeting between you and your mother tomorrow
What are you doing?
We're here to deliver something to Miss Mu
I just finished delivering and am about to leave.
Yes, yes, yes, it's true.
Since you're here, let's go together